README.md, before:

# bibostation13 [![CI Status](https://github.com/Bibostation13/Bibostation13/workflows/Run%20Tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Bibostation13/Bibostation13/actions)

[Website (TBA)](https://to-be-added.soon/) | [Code](https://github.com/Bibostation13/Bibostation13/) | [Discord](https://discord.gg/xMRt7qMZ4n)

---

### CONTRIBUTING GUIDELINES

**Please refrain from making non code related comments in pull requests on GitHub.** See the Code of Conduct on where you may provide feedback to users.

All users are expected to review [/docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](/docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) before interacting with the repository or other users.

---

### SECURITY

Please see [/docs/SECURITY.md](/docs/SECURITY.md) for this repository's security policy, and how to report security issues.

---

### LICENSE

The code for Baystation12 is licensed under the [GNU Affero General Public License v3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl.html), which can be found in full in [/LICENSE](/LICENSE).

Code with a git authorship date prior to `1420675200 +0000` (2015/01/08 00:00 GMT) is licensed under the GNU General Public License version 3, which can be found in full in [/docs/GPL3.txt](/docs/GPL3.txt)

All code where the authorship dates on or after `1420675200 +0000` is assumed to be licensed under AGPL v3, if you wish to license under GPL v3 please make this clear in the commit message and any added files.

If you wish to develop and host this codebase in a closed source manner you may use all commits prior to `1420675200 +0000`, which are licensed under GPL v3.  The major change here is that if you host a server using any code licensed under AGPLv3 you are required to provide full source code for your servers users as well including addons and modifications you have made.

See [here](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/why-affero-gpl.html) for more information.

All assets including icons and sound are under a [Creative Commons 3.0 BY-SA license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/) unless otherwise indicated.

---

### GETTING THE CODE AND INSTALLING

Please see [/docs/installation.md](/docs/installation.md) for instructions on obtaining, installing, updating, and running this code.

Commit message:

BB13 licensing text
Updated the licensing text to talk about Bibostation13 directly.

README.md, after:

# bibostation13 [![CI Status](https://github.com/Bibostation13/Bibostation13/workflows/Run%20Tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Bibostation13/Bibostation13/actions)

[Website (TBA)](https://to-be-added.soon/) | [Code](https://github.com/Bibostation13/Bibostation13/) | [Discord](https://discord.gg/xMRt7qMZ4n)

---

### CONTRIBUTING GUIDELINES

**Please refrain from making non code related comments in pull requests on GitHub.** See the Code of Conduct on where you may provide feedback to users.

All users are expected to review [/docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](/docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) before interacting with the repository or other users.

---

### SECURITY

Please see [/docs/SECURITY.md](/docs/SECURITY.md) for this repository's security policy, and how to report security issues.

---

### LICENSE

As a Baystation12 derivative, Bibostation13 inherits a license under the [GNU Affero General Public License v3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl.html). It can be found in full in [/LICENSE](/LICENSE).

As such, the entirety of Bibostation13 and all of its own derivatives must be developed and hosted in an open source manner. No version of Bibostation13 exists outside of the current license.

Hosting a server using any code licensed under AGPLv3 means you are required to provide full source code for your servers users as well including addons and modifications you have made.

See [here](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/why-affero-gpl.html) for more information.

All assets including icons and sound are under a [Creative Commons 3.0 BY-SA license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/) unless otherwise indicated.

---

### GETTING THE CODE AND INSTALLING

Please see [/docs/installation.md](/docs/installation.md) for instructions on obtaining, installing, updating, and running this code.
